Starting changelog (#775)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/changelog/index.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

import { RegionalUrl } from "@site/src/components/RegionalUrls";

# Changelog

> What's new in LangSmith — new features, enhancements, and bugs fixed — organized by release date and release version. Looking for just the major product updates & highlights? [Check out our website feed.](http://changelog.langchain.com/)

Author: ```suggestion
What's new in LangSmith — new features, enhancements, and bugs fixed — organized by release date and release version. Looking for just the major product updates & highlights? [Check out our website feed.](https://changelog.langchain.com/?categories=cat_FvjDMlZoyaKkX)
```

> What's new in LangSmith — new features, enhancements, and bugs fixed — organized by release date and release version. Looking for just the major product updates & highlights? [Check out our website feed.](http://changelog.langchain.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
What's new in LangSmith — new features, enhancements, and bugs fixed — organized by release date and release version. Looking for just the major product updates & highlights? [Check out our website feed.](http://changelog.langchain.com/)
```

> What's new in LangSmith — new features, enhancements, and bugs fixed — organized by release date and release version. View just the product hightlights and subscribe to them via RSS [here](https://changelog.langchain.com/?categories=cat_FvjDMlZoyaKkX).

Author: ```suggestion
What's new in LangSmith — new features, enhancements, and bugs fixed — organized by release date and release version. Looking for just the major product updates & highlights? [Check out our website feed.](http://changelog.langchain.com/).
```
